Replace outdated game mode terminologies in `.osr (file format)` and [ID] Add `.osr (file format)` (#12929)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/File_formats/osr_(file_format)/en.md

# .osr (file format)

> **.osr** is a file format containing information about a specific [replay](/wiki/Gameplay/Replay). In order for it to be able to be opened in-game, the [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) tied to the file is required to be present.

Reviewer: this is too long-winded and encumbering, don't think people talk like that, WDYT about my suggestion?
```suggestion
**.osr** is a file format for describing osu! [replays](/wiki/Gameplay/Replay). An `.osr` file can be played only if the game has the exact [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) for which the replay was recorded.
```
